Support different topologies (#2)
IBM/network-config-analyzer: docs/SchemeFileFormat.md

## Scheme file format
A scheme file is a yaml file, specifying what should be checked.
It should contain at least the `networkConfigList` and the `queries` fields.

| Field | Description | Value | Default |
|-------|-------------|-------|---------|
|namespaceList|A yaml/json file containing a list of namespaces in the cluster|file|Cluster namespaces|
|podList|A json yaml/file containing a list of pods in the cluster|file|Cluster pods|

> |networkConfigList|A set of network configurations and policies to reason about|configuration files and list of [NetworkPolicyList](#NetworkPolicyListobject) objects|

Reviewer: The Value of `NetworkConfigList` should be "list of NetworkConfig objects".
Then, rename `NetworkPolicyList` to `NetworkConfig` and update its possible fields.

Author: done

## Scheme file format
A scheme file is a yaml file, specifying what should be checked.
It should contain at least the `networkConfigList` and the `queries` fields.

| Field | Description | Value | Default |
|-------|-------------|-------|---------|

> |namespaceList|A global list of namespaces in the cluster|directory, git-repo or yaml/json file|Cluster namespaces|
> |podList|A global list of pods in the cluster|directory, git-repo or yaml/json file|Cluster pods|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|namespaceList|A globally-scoped list of namespaces in the cluster|directory, git-repo or yaml/json file|Cluster namespaces|
|podList|A globally-scoped list of pods in the cluster|directory, git-repo or yaml/json file|Cluster pods|
```

Author: done

|networkConfigList|A list of network configurations and policies to reason about|list of [NetworkConfig](#NetworkConfigobject) objects|
|queries|Queries for the tool to run|list of [Query](#queryobject) objects|

### <a name="NetworkConfigobject"></a>NetworkConfig object

> Each NetworkConfig object represents a specific network configuration (and possibly Calico's GlobalNetworkPolicy and Profile objects).

Author: done
